and two in trailer or good morning
today strangely during this night
we had rain to look at the
patterns as always that's the fan
look at that magnificent striped pattern
that precedes or that is in front of everything
that cloudy front is worth looking at all
the shit of these we are and now
note the great difference of the mass
brave of a fighter and spartan
when it comes to the front united its forms
rounded its compact shape well
gray water charges and fix
when this cyclopean mass
kobe ​​and face all this shit layer of
toxic you realize the patterns
striped the crushed patterns the
patterns reports without form totally
crushed misty understands me that's
the principle of waiting your undulates your
because you wait for them to undulate what you
they are precisely that is a dense layer
uniform without form without network where are I
you understand you do not see anything it's like a
blanket a blanket that prevents you from reaching
the sun that reaches us the water that we
arrive the beneficial radiations of
space if beneficial radiations of
space to see when faced entering
I'm a magnetic field this
physical body that you have is only the
ultimate consequence of everything you are
bird when interaction fucks
in the total head whore look on trail
who are fumigating because they are watching
that can not with that mass century pea
and that is an interest for the glory of my
mother that they are pulling it right now
more nothing fucking god of if I stay
here for a little while and I got you when
I have it here and all this as I already
he said is what happens when the mass of
Natural moisture report starts to
contacting this would be the horizon of
events and once the humidity starts
to join with the toxic the toxic the
Spreads the style breaks it preventing
that forms no cloud asin
caravaggio time that's neither retains cloud nor
Hold that cock that's a thin layer over
the sky that the only thing that pursues is
that sunlight reaches us and that's what
there you are here watching
because that does not travel as you will realize
but these little ones that you have here
these pots of cloud that is moisture
that is one of the few of these here
is another horizon of events you see the
Curved mass as it goes together
with the toxic you see seeing how they go
losing the round shape of and they go
deslabazando they are breaking until
all the shit is formed and that is
a small layer of moisture that goes
flying I go trying to escape
understands the rain has disappeared
because as soon as it has reached the
city ​​fix the gap that has
open he understands me where is all the
whore's toxic layer
global murder geoengineering
goodbye thank you and there are countries that are
denouncing bastards there are countries that
they are lowering aircraft to the ground bastards
and the US is sending terrorists types
Blackwater to exploit pipelines worth
for those countries to free the planes
who does not want to find out about this
story that they are fucking him
he understands me meanwhile I
I explain what there are gentlemen a lot of encouragement and
trust the central is a reality
as the cup of a pine leaves us
and thomis in the brain there they
we keep playing gentlemen cheers and
trust